docs: Add contributing guidelines (#5407)
canonical-web-and-design/snapcraft.io: CONTRIBUTING.md

  * For issues with the **snapcraft tool** (which builds and publishes snaps), [file a bug here](https://bugs.launchpad.net/snapcraft).
  * For issues with **snapd** (the daemon that manages snaps on the client), [file a bug here](https://bugs.launchpad.net/snapd).

## Writing code

If you'd like to contribute code to the project, you can do so by creating a pull request. For a more in-depth guide on setting up a local development environment, please refer to [`HACKING.md`](HACKING.md).

### Canonical Contributor License Agreement

Before we can accept your code contribution, you must sign the [Canonical Contributor License Agreement](https://canonical.com/legal/contributors). This is a one-time process that covers all your contributions to Canonical's open source projects.

### Review process

All contributions are subject to review. Please be patient while we review your pull request. We may ask you to make changes or provide additional information.

We usually require two approvals from project maintainers before merging a pull request.

## A note on AI tools

> We welcome the use of AI tools and LLMs to assist in your contributions. However, we ask that you be transparent about your use of these tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome the use of AI tools and LLMs to assist in your contributions. However, we ask that you be transparent and thorough when using these tools.
Please test and review the AI-generated code *before* creating the pull request: LLM output isn't always entirely correct, so make sure the code actually does what it says it does without introducing unwanted side effects.
```
